Dad and Auntie, I'm back, what are you doing back?
The ugly things you did outside
I don't even have the face to see those neighbors
Scandal you seduce your boss
The boss's mother came to the door
You still don't admit it
You can't blame Squeak.
He wouldn't do these things.
You mean Chen Buren came to see you?
See, he admitted it himself, I didn't
You haven't
Why do people come to the door?
You are a lost star
What are you doing?
It's not his fault. Get out of here
It's all taught by you
Daughter you
Dad, how are you?
Your dad has a heart condition
Don't be angry with him.
Dad I'm sorry
I really didn't do those things.
Girl dad believes in you
You go, you are not welcome in this house.
Dad, I'm leaving first
Happy birthday
You take care of yourself